Short Name	Long Name	AKA	why	Pub Year	Authors	Title	# questions	# final scores	max score	high_good	# intermediate scores	topic
ISI	Incontinence Severity Index	Sandvik		1993	Sandvik et al. (Bratt)	Validation of a severity index in female urinary incontinence and its implementation in an epidemiological survey	2	1			0	urinary incontinence severity
ICIQ-UI SF	International Consultation on Incontinence Questionnaire- Urinary Incontinence Short Form			2004	Avery et al. (Abrams)	ICIQ: a brief and robust measure for evaluating the symptoms and impact of urinary incontinence.	4	1			0	urinary incontinence severity
	St. Mark's Incontinence Score	Vaizey		1999	Vaizey et al. (Kamm)	Prospective comparison of faecal incontinence grading systems	7	1	24	no	0	fecal incontinece severity
UDI-SF	Urogenital Distress Inventory - Short Form			1995	Uebersax et al. (Fantl)	Short forms to assess life quality and symptom distress for urinary incontinence in women: the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire and the Urogenital Distress Inventory.	6					
IIQ-SF	Incontinence Impact Questionnaire - Short Form			1995	Uebersax et al. (Fantl)	Short forms to assess life quality and symptom distress for urinary incontinence in women: the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire and the Urogenital Distress Inventory.	7					
UDI	Urogenital Distress Inventory			1994	Shumaker et al. (Fantl)	Health-related quality of life measures for women with urinary incontinence: the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire and the Urogenital Distress Inventory.	19					
IIQ	Incontinence Impact Questionnaire			1994	Shumaker et al. (Fantl)	Health-related quality of life measures for women with urinary incontinence: the Incontinence Impact Questionnaire and the Urogenital Distress Inventory.	30					
PGII	Patient Global Impression of Improvement			2003	"Yalcin, Bump"	Validation of two global impression questionnaires for incontinence	1	1				perceived improvement following therapy
PGIS	Patient Global Impression of Severity			2003	"Yalcin, Bump"	Validation of two global impression questionnaires for incontinence	1	1				perceived severity
OABq	Overactive Bladder Questionnaire		"""there are currently no continent and incontinent OAB-specific subjective patient-reported outcome measures."""	2002	Coyne et al. (Abrams)	Psychometric validation of an overactive bladder symptom and health-related quality of life questionnaire: the OAB-q.	33	1			5	OAB symptoms and impact on QOL
